[FLINK-36879][runtime] Support to convert delete as insert in transform (#3804)
apache/flink-cdc: docs/content.zh/docs/core-concept/transform.md

| primary-keys | Sink table primary keys, separated by commas       | optional          |
| partition-keys | Sink table partition keys, separated by commas       | optional          |
| table-options | used to the configure table creation statement when automatically creating tables | optional          |
| converter-after-transform | used to add a converter to change DataChangeEvent after transform                 | optional          |
| description  | Transform rule description | optional          |

Multiple rules can be declared in one single pipeline YAML file.

## converter-after-transform

`converter-after-transform` is used to change the DataChangeEvent after other transform. The available values of this options are as follows.

> - SOFT_DELETE: The delete event will be converted as an insert event. This converter should be used together with the metadata `__data_event_type__`. Then you can implement the soft delete.

Reviewer: Add a new line before Markdown list

> For example, the following transform will not delete data when the delete event happens. Instead it will update the column `op_type` to -D in sink when deleting data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the following transform will not delete data when the delete event happens. Instead it will update the column `op_type` to -D in sink, and transform it to an insert record.
```
